hello everyone and welcome to episode 18
of the padreon it's just me again
um I think there's gonna be this one and
another episode and then we'll have some
episodes with Nick again I think I might
be wrong
I might be completely wrong who knows
um also very sorry for getting this
episode out so late I try to get the
padreons out every Tuesday uh which I
have failed at miserably in most cases
um
but
this week I thought that I was getting
better I had been sick for a while I
thought I was getting better and then I
hit a wall again which was just lovely
um
but uh I did a stream last night so I'm
recording this on Thursday at a stream
on Wednesday where I started to get sick
again and I am not feeling the best
right now but I'm like I can't
continue to put off the recording so
um
I took some Tylenol and I took some
DayQuil and we'll see how long I last
so um
the concept behind this episode of the
padreon also I'm using a new microphone
it's a very expensive fancy microphone
that I got specifically for streaming
but I'm using it for the padreon as well
um at least on my end when when Nick
gets back we'll be using the normal
microphones but um
[Music]
um
yeah so hopefully it uh it sounds good
uh but yeah the so the Crux of this
episode of the padreon is I put out a
message to everyone who is a patron uh
sort of asking you guys if there are any
questions that you would really like
answered kind of No Holds Barred and
anything that you would like me to
answer
in kind of a long-winded way like a very
detailed answer something that if we
were doing an AMA
um that was just a stream
you know I'd be kind of trying to get
through questions uh because there's
usually like 50 questions something like
that and so I'm usually trying to get
through them and not being able to give
like really detailed answers and I've
looked at some of the questions that
came in and unfortunately for some of
them I'm not going to be able to give uh
detailed answers just because I'm
not as knowledgeable about things as I
should be maybe
um
but yeah so let's start I won't
uh say like which who asked which
question
um it's not a
uh you know
keeping people private thing it's uh I'm
gonna run into names I can't pronounce
and I don't want to look dumb so that's
why
uh so I'm just gonna go in order of uh
who asked the questions first so first
question is what sort of movies shows
and other media would you recommend to a
mid-20s by man who hasn't really gotten
the chance to experience much queer
media due to a sheltered upbringing sort
of a required viewing list or your top
picks
um
the sad part is that
specifically for representation of
bisexual men there's Next To None
um
there there's a bit more representation
for bisexual women but for bisexual men
it's just kind of like non-existent
because people still very much have you
know this this mindset that
if a character is bisexual they're only
bisexual until like if a guy if a male
character is bisexual he's only bisexual
until he
um
gets a girlfriend or hooks up with a
girl then he's straight and then you
know if he doesn't hook up with another
guy if he doesn't
um get a boyfriend or something like
that then he's just straight oh he was
in a phase he's straight now which is
incredibly infuriating
um
as a gay person who you know is always
interested in male male relationships in
media whether they be gay or bisexual
that kind of write-off and this is this
comes from a lot this isn't just like
straight people doing the writing off
this is gay people too gay people are
just as horrid as straight people in
this account where a lot of gay people
kind of look at bisexual people
especially bisexual men and they're like
so you'll like the dick but you want to
go home to a wifey and it's like oh my
God guys
um so with that little tirade out of the
way
um I can't really
think of a whole lot
as I type away
I can't really think of a whole lot of
movies or TV shows with a lot of
bisexual representation oh God Netflix
is making noise
um yeah obviously I should not be doing
these alone I'm horrible at this
um
but um
yeah I can't really think of a whole lot
of
movies or TV shows that specifically
have
male bisexual representation
um I can think of ones that have you
know like male gay representation I mean
there's Heart Stopper of course which
Nick is a not Nick my production partner
but Nick in the show
um
is bisexual and actually has
like a really sweet coming out storyline
there
um
there was a Netflix movie that came out
a while ago
and I'm blanking on the name of it now
I'm trying to hunt it down
here
um
and I'm sure so many of you are
listening right now and you're just kind
of like screaming it out
into the void because you're like I know
what he's talking about
um
oh my God this is this is so frustrating
why is a Caitlyn Jenner documentary
being recommended to me Alex Strangelove
um if I remember correctly Alex
Strangelove is a teenager who is coming
to terms with his bisexuality and
um
that's
honestly the only
movie I can think of with any male
bisexual representation
um there's a bit more on TV shows
um if you watch
like American Horror Story bisexual guys
have popped up uh on different seasons
of that
um
but a lot of times it's it's kind of uh
I find when there's a bisexual male
character it's very lip servicey
um
for instance David from shit's creek is
I can't remember if he identifies as
bisexual or pansexual
um
but he is not you know like 100 gay but
we only really see him in relationships
in the show with dudes and that's kind
of how I find a lot of bisexual rep
for male characters goes is that it's
you know like I said they're they're
basically gay with an Asterix asterisk
asterisks asterisk
um
which is really disappointing
you know I can recommend like gay stuff
up and down which I'm actually thinking
about doing a I did the video that was
breaking down you know the quote-unquote
best gay movies I'm actually thinking
about doing one that's just actually my
own opinion and not just taking
um movies from lists that had been
pre-ordained as the best gay movies
um
so look out for that one but
Alex Strangelove is a cute movie and
Heart Stopper obviously is like
painfully adorable
um there's a lot of why a books with
bisexual male characters and I'm feeling
like a dumbass now because I can't
remember them I maybe should have
prepared for this and I'm really sorry
um I don't know if this pop Filter Works
or how I'm this new microphone is it's
weird and it's all metal and stuff
anyway
um
but yeah I
Pro there's I probably should have
prepared for this instead of just going
in and reading the questions and giving
my uh unfiltered answers
which by the looks of things are going
to be long answers
um long rambling answers of nothing
um
yeah unfortunately other than Alex
Strangelove and Heart Stopper
uh even with hurtstopper I mean we don't
see Nick with a girl really
um
and I don't think we're going to I mean
we don't really in the comics so you
know however that ends up but
um
unfortunately there's not a lot of good
bisexual representation for men not a
whole lot of good bisexual
representation for women either
um
which is you know
a problem that ought to be rectified
um
but yeah I'm sorry that I couldn't give
you a better answer there but there's
two examples you've probably already
seen Heart Stopper in all likelihood
um
if you're just kind of looking for
gay good gay movies there is the the
video that I have out ranking the
quote-unquote best queer movies ever
made
um
and uh that's a that's a pretty safe
safe space to Safe space safe place to
go
to find uh some good recommendations
for Stuff
and I'm sorry that I was not more
prepared for that question
um so the next question is Interview
with the Vampire has got me wondering
what some of your favorite vampire media
is queer or otherwise I say like all
vampires aren't a little queer primarily
interested in movies and shows but I
would love to hear what books and even
games and other media you might pick
um well I think
the current TV show of Interview with
the Vampire is currently my favorite
vampire thing
like as far as movies and TV shows go
like it is completely exceeding my
expectations
um
brem stoker is Dracula the 1992 movie
directed by Francis Ford Coppola that is
a phenomenal movie it's a bit messy
um in that you know Keanu Reeves had not
quite figured out how to act yet
um
and but it is just it's it's horror
Peak horror camp and it's wonderful
um
and then we've got you know the original
Nosferatu with count orlock which I love
because it's a it's you know it's
not doing the handsome vampire shtick
which really
um rose up with
um Bella lugosi's Dracula in 1933 I want
to say it's either 1933 or 1930. or
every one of those years in between
um I'm pretty sure it's 33. but uh
and True Blood I I know True Blood has
kind of like Fallen people a lot of
people I feel like don't talk they don't
remember True Blood at this point
because it did kind of go off the rails
near the end but those first couple of
seasons
are really good like I I loved them
unironically like as it got later on and
we started dealing with the FAE and and
uh wear Panthers and stuff like that it
got a little bit hokey but it was still
fun still fun to watch
um
and True Blood was
took a lot of inspiration from
you know Anne Rice's vampires in that
they're basically all bisexual
um
so if you want some good but you know
again if you want some good male
bisexual rep watching Vampire stuff
because
you know Anne Rice's vampires and um
and True Blood you've got a lot of
bisexual vampires there
um
books-wise Salem's Lot by Stephen King I
think is a really good vampire story
it's one of the rare vampire stories
that have come out recently that's
actually a horror story and not just uh
not romanticizing the vampire
um
and the Simon snow books which aren't
really vampire books but
um
it's kind of it well it literally
started out as Harry Potter fan fiction
and the Draco analogy
um
or analog is a vampire he was made into
a vampire and uh there's a lot of
vampire characters in there and so I
really like those I talked about that on
the most recent stream
um and how I think there really ought to
be more than three books because I feel
like three books is really cheating
the audience out of what could be a
fantastic ongoing series every book
series that I like I feel should be like
Discworld it should just go on and on
and on and on and on and on unending
just never end never let the author
write anything different just continue
with the hat
sorry I had to take a drink of water
uh the next question I was really happy
when I saw you were planning on talking
about my favorite anime revolutionary
girl otena and that got me wondering if
you've heard of scene
[Music]
uh there are other two gay anime
uh your thoughts on them would really be
interesting to hear as they're layered
in symbolism I have not heard of them
and I'm assuming that name I couldn't
pronounce
um is the either producer or mangaka
behind revolutionary girl Lieutenant
revolutionary girl utena
oh that's going to be difficult to say
like a thousand times when I do the
video
um
but no I haven't uh checked out any of
their other stuff but I will uh check it
out for the video I will look into that
because I
would like the video to be as
comprehensive as possible so I will
definitely look into that
the next question is sorry if you've
answered this before but do you think
you'll make or use a letterbox to count
I actually do have a letterbox to count
um
I think
let's see if I have a letterboxed
account I'm pretty sure I do
sign in
I do I knew I had one I just haven't
been using it like ever
okay I have an account but like where
are my movies
he has an ad for a camera accessory that
I really want but I shouldn't buy
because it's a thousand dollars
okay yeah this looks like
I might have done a list
um so obviously I'm not very good at
letterboxed
um even though I have one
I wonder if I can
I'll put the
um
link to my profile I'm sure there's a
way I can do that
probably with that button no not that
button I'll figure that out I'll put it
in the description of uh
of this podcast so that you can follow
me I guess and
once I actually kind of get the hang of
it oh yeah okay now I see yeah all the
all of them all of my like rankings on
here are really high because I don't I
feel bad giving things a bad ranking
like my lowest one is
three stars for Eraserhead
which
a lot of film fans will like want to
string me up for
because and I also gave three and a half
stars to The Shining Stanley kubricks
The Shining but five stars to scream
so it kind of tells you what my taste in
movies are
um
but yeah I do have letterbox and I
should use it more because you know I'm
kind of I guess I'm kind of a movie
YouTuber
um
I never really think of myself as one
but I think I'm a part of that space
kind of
um I should do more movie reviews on the
new channel which I'll also link down in
the description
um
and maybe then I can kind of break into
the movie the film YouTube space
with all of those people whose reviews I
watch
um
the next question has a reply oh they
second this question okay
um so this question is I was wondering
if you know the Montag siblings series
of books by Mackenzie Lee the first one
is called Gentleman's Guide device and
virtue which deals with sexual identity
and society's expectations and if you
did what you thought of it I read
Gentleman's Guide to Vice and virtue
and absolutely adored it and when I
heard that there was a sequel coming out
Ivan was so excited
and then the sequel wasn't about
their
the the the queer the the gay guys it
was about their sister one of the one of
them has a sister and it was about her
uh and then the third book I think is
about a whole other character entirely
um
and at the time there was a lot of
female authors
um
writing gay books as their first book
and then when that
became a huge hit their second book
would either be straight or it would be
dealing with
um
uh women in some way whether they were
straight women or lesbians or bisexual
what have you and I I was irked that it
seemed to me anyway that these authors
knew that there was a huge fan base from
both gay readers and a lot of uh
girls and and women reading them
um for gay male books especially in the
why a sphere
and that they were breaking into it with
that kind of book and then once they got
their audience when they once they got
their success they you know switched
gears and went in a different direction
and either went in a straight direction
or you know lesbian Direction bisexual
what have you but they kind of left the
gay male representation behind
and that irked me really badly at the
time
um not so much now
um but I've heard things about Mackenzie
Lee
as a person
that kind of put me off that
um they were a bit full of themselves I
might be completely wrong they may be an
amazing person this was like book
Twitter hearsay so don't take that as
gospel for God's sake
um
but uh
I also I think Mackenzie Lee also wrote
a Loki book for Marvel uh not a comic
book a novel about young Loki and if I
remember correctly Loki does not do any
queering queerable things in that book
which also put me off
um but yeah I really liked the first
book the first book was fantastic I I
love those kind of swashbuckling
Adventure novels and having it be you
know the adventurers be gay guys was
just right up my alley so I loved that
first book and so if you like the the
first book or if you check out the first
book you'll probably will like
the the ones that follow I just have a a
sour spot
because I'm I'm bitter
more water
I'm out of water oh no there's another
bottle yay
um
next question is since one of your
future videos will be about BL which
ones have you watched and what are your
favorites and why if you have one of
course
um that's a good question
I've watched a couple
let's
find
them
semantic error I watched that this year
that was really good
um
I thought it was very kind of
very cute and adorable
um
your name engraved herein
Yuri on Ice obviously but that I love
that Yuri on ice is counted as a a VL
even though it's anime
even is counted as a BL that's
interesting
um
see I've watched a couple not as many as
I I'm gonna watch more before I do the
video obviously but I've watched
probably
[Music]
seven I wanna say seven
um
I think semantic error semantic error
was probably my favorite one
uh that I've watched so far
um other than you know the anime ones
like uh given and Yuri on ice and stuff
like that
um but yeah I would say that uh semantic
error is my favorite one
uh it just kind of
I liked the the sort of uh
the Rivalry tension the rivals to lovers
kind of thing
um
but I'll be diving headlong into that
before I get into the video the video is
mostly going to be about the industry of
BL and how it's you know it exists in
this weird
weird kind of
Zone that it's incredibly it's an
incredibly successful genre
um of media in Asia and
it has made its way to the west and
people who wouldn't otherwise be
watching you know subtitled media are
watching it
and Hollywood is just kind of like is
facing the other way going what do you
mean what's all this noise behind me no
I can't turn around and look at it what
are you talking about and it's so it's
gonna really be looking at the business
side of things but I will be
highlighting uh a couple of BL
shows as well as some of the more
problematic things in the genre
um because some of them can be a bit
violent some of them can be very okay
this one's the girl and you know just
kind of it's straight but they filed off
the serial numbers
um
um so uh
yeah it'll be an interesting video if uh
if I get to do it gotta get those Patron
numbers up
uh next question is I believe you
mentioned Neil Gaiman is a straight Ally
that writes surprisingly good LGBT plus
characters and that made me think have
you read Terry Pratchett and what do you
think of his betrayal of LGBT plus
narratives I find the particularly
interesting after turfs tried to claim
that Terry would agree with them whereas
his family and friends like Neil and
many of his fans being included found
that Preposterous yeah like I haven't
read that much Terry pratchett's stuff
but I watched a lot of interviews with
him
um
followed a lot of his of a bit followed
a lot of his opinions in his later years
and
um the idea that
he would be anything other than the most
Progressive and open-minded just boggled
my mind
um
so like so I haven't read a whole lot of
his stuff I've read a bit a couple of
things from Discworld mostly the uh the
death novels and the The Witches
um Obviously good Omens
um which I'll be doing a video on
later this year yes November I think
um
which is perfect timing because they
released the post the new poster uh for
good omen season two and the wings are
in the shape of the heart and I'm like
oh my God they're doing it they're going
there
um so yeah
but I'd like to read more of Terry
pratchett's stuff I think he's very
[Music]
um
his his books are really funny and kind
of lyrical
and I when I'm reading I read things
like their thrillers
and because his writing style doesn't
mesh up with that it's hard for me to
sit down and read the book
um so there's something that there there
are books that I think I would like to
check out on like audible or something
like that because I really love his
characters and the world that he built
and everything but his writing style
doesn't mesh with how I read but would
be perfectly fine with listening to a
book
uh that's that actually plays into
um
like right now with House of the Dragon
I I bought I owned the house of the
House of the Dragon book but I only got
about 30 pages into it but I got through
the audiobook in like two sittings of
Minecraft so sometimes it you know
depending upon the uh the writing style
you know listening to the audiobook
works a lot better for me whereas
sometimes it's just like I can just dive
into a book
so the next question is I haven't been a
fan for very long so you may have
already covered this but how do you feel
about the rich enough to be a trollop
lesbian
Rich enough to be a trollop lesbian
Trope I've encountered it so much lately
I've been calling them lesbians with a
dollar sign in the s for short I'm on
the fence about it on the one hand
historical context but on the other so
bored
I don't know if I've come across this
um
so so would that be like Rich enough to
get away with it
um
I don't think I've come across it so I'm
I'm missing some some media here
because
although maybe it's like shows like
Elite and stuff like that where
people are just ridiculously rich and
good looking and so they can get away
with doing basically anything
um
another one might be like the favorite
where you have you know people in the
Royal Court who are
lesbians or bisexual women and they're
getting away with it there's not real
controversy over it because they're rich
what are you gonna do
um
I thought they were actually going to do
that and hosted the dragon with uh
Rainier and Allison of really getting uh
lesbian vibes from them and then they
didn't do it so I was really
dissatisfied with that
um
but yeah I don't think I've come across
that so
um but I would actually really
appreciate it if you could leave some
examples of that because that
would actually really play into a video
that I'm planning another one about
being gay and having money and uh I
would really appreciate that so that I
can check them out
okay the next question is could you walk
us through your creative process of
making video essays
um
it used to be pure chaos but it's
getting more organized now it used to be
literally like
I would come up with an idea and I'd be
like Nick we're gonna do this
and then we would have to dive into
either watching a TV show or reading a
book or a manga or something like that
and uh it was complete chaos
but lately it's been way more organized
so what we do now is
we
find a piece of media that we want to
talk about like uh for instance I can
use
um Banana Fish as a good example
I really wanted to make a video about
Banana Fish people had recommended me
the anime and said they wanted me to
make a video about it
I watched it I fell in love with the
anime
um Ash is alive always and forever
um
but
having watched it I'm like okay so I can
do an I can do a video where I kind of
recap it
but what am I gonna say like what's the
point of doing that
like
of doing an hour-long video just
recapping a TV show
I know a lot of people do that on
YouTube and they do quite well with
those videos but it's not something that
I feel like I could do on a long-term
basis I'm doing it on the second Channel
now with Interview with the Vampire but
that's like 10 minute videos talking
about an hour long episode
um and so
trying to figure out what do we do
what can we say with this video so that
it's not just a recap of an anime
and in in that particular case I tried
to get Nick to watch the anime and he
hated it he didn't I think he got past I
think he got episode two
uh he got a bit further into the manga
but hated the manga even more
um
so we just started kind of spitballing
it and this is what we end up doing is
we sit at uh when we were living
together we would sit at the kitchen
table
and just talk about it
and
we would end up talking about it for
three hours three or four hours
and somewhere in that discussion we
would have found a theme
and with banana fish for instance the
theme was
the historical kind of connection
between being gay and being a criminal
and so
then we we had our theme for the video
and a lot of people watch that video in
particular and you know the first
probably 20 minutes are Banana Fish and
then the next 30 minutes are talking
about
um the history of
gay criminals basically and then for the
last like five minutes of the video we
were rounded back to Banana Fish and we
kind of tie up the knot and
that's kind of what we try to do
um we try to we take a piece of media
that we're that at least one of us is
usually I'm excited about it or both of
us is
um Nick doesn't
really watch a whole lot of stuff on
their own so it's usually stuff that I'm
excited about or that I have forced upon
him
um
and then we kind of take this thing that
we're excited about and figure out the
theme for it
um there are
some more recent examples would be
stranger things for instance and how I
wanted to do a video about stranger
things I wasn't really sure what to do
with the video because I was like okay
well I want to talk about Robin and will
and stuff like that who we barely
mentioned either of them I don't think
we mentioned Robin at all in the video
um
because it ended up becoming you know
the sort of
not how you know
nostalgia
how nostalgic and really cloud history
and how we look at history and how
because we look at history a different
way we're not remembering it the right
way and therefore we are you know doomed
to repeat the mistakes of History
um
and uh so that's another one sometimes
it's very Cut and Clear like with the
the new monsters Out of the Closet video
dysphiria the newest one
that one didn't have a theme going into
it I was just like I'm going to talk
about recent horror movies and how
they're getting queerer
and I read a couple of books I read a
bunch of Articles and I just went to
town and wrote the script
that's one of the rare scripts that I
actually wrote myself
um
but yeah that's basically the process we
figure out a show or movie that we're
excited about and figure out an
overarching theme for it so that it's
not just you know 40 minutes about
um
Spider-Man or something
excuse me
um
and then
build off of it from there Nick usually
takes charge of the script because we'll
sit down and we'll figure out okay how
long is this video probably going to be
is it going to be a half hour long or is
it going to be an hour long and from
there we figure out okay how many parts
are going to be in this video and there
is always
universally always one more part than we
plan
um
every time every single time
so if we say it's going to have an
introduction and then six parts it will
have an intro and seven Parts every time
uh and that's usually because when the
script is quote unquote finished I jump
into it and end up adding something
um
and uh so yeah that's I sorry for the
rambling answer but that's kind of the
process that we do we kind of sit down
we
figure out okay what's the script
what's the structure of the script how
many parts are there okay there's six
parts what is what is each part going to
say
because you know we know what the
closing message is we know what the the
the thesis statement is and so we have
to figure out okay there's six parts how
can we make sure that all of these parts
lead to that message
and then when it's all wrapped up in the
video and all of the smart stuff is done
and
which is mostly written by Nick I I do
write you know a good chunk of the video
help write a good chunk of the videos
um
but not
Nick does the bulk of it and then I do
the bulk of the video editing shooting
that kind of stuff on the other end
um
so then once the script is done I come
in and I write the closer to it and you
know that's where I wrap everything up
into a bow and I'm like okay let's bring
back the stuff that we talked about in
part one and part two in the
introduction let's bring that back and
that way when the video is over you feel
like you've had a complete experience
uh next question
do you have any rituals or routines in
your daily life
other than taking vitamins I don't I
don't think I do I probably should
because I
[Music]
um
my days are are a mess some days I will
get up at like eight in the morning
which I know is not that early for a lot
of people but for me it's very early
um
I'll get up at like eight in the morning
and I'll start doing stuff I will start
um whether it's setting up
um a set to shoot on or
going out to you know maybe I need to
get groceries or I need to go buy
something for a video
um
whatever it might be and I will spend a
whole day working
and
then there are some days where I won't
get out of bed until like five in the
afternoon
and it's not even like a oh I'm
depressed and so I'm laying in bed it's
just
well I have nothing else to do so I'm
just gonna lay here and watch Bob's
Burgers
um that's usually what I'm watching
um
because and I don't know why
that ends up happening
um where sometimes I just kind of shut
down for a day or two and like this week
has been because I've been sick I've
been in bed a lot basically I will my
for most of the last week my greatest
uh energy expenditure has been getting
up from bed walking out into the living
room and sitting on the couch and
turning my PlayStation on
and watching a TV show
um
but the you know I was sick so I'll give
myself a break there but yeah like
sometimes it will be like super
productive days and other days are just
non-existent and I wish I had more kind
of routines in my day I wish I had like
a writing routine for instance where I
could get up and
you know make a smoothie uh have some
tea and start writing something whether
that be a script or a novel or a video
essay
um
and you know be able to build a routine
around that
whereas
I am a complete I bump the microphone
thing
whereas I am just a complete mess when
it comes to routine uh except when I'm
editing
when I am editing a video
I go into a very strict routine
which is literally
I wake up
I have some tea I have a smoothie I sit
down at my computer
I edit
um a section
uh and that's that's why my videos are
all broken up into chapters partially so
that it's easier to come back to the
video like if you have to take a break
from it or something like that but part
but also partially so that it's easier
to edit because this way
um
I
can basically edit a small 10 minute
video
and then it's like okay this is done
and then when that is done however long
that takes sometimes it might be you
know as short as three or four hours
sometimes it might take 12 hours to edit
the 10 minutes it all depends on the
videos that are required how many videos
need to be downloaded is it just you
know is it videos that I already know
need to be there like b-roll from a
movie or do I need to find stuff
um like archive news footage which is
much harder to find
um
especially without Giant watermarks on
it and
so it can take a lot longer
but then no matter how long it if it
takes like 12 hours then I'll stop
I'll have dinner
I'll watch some videos on YouTube I'll
watch a TV show
and then I will go in
and
you know if it's a if I got it done in a
pretty short amount of time after I'm
done eating and everything I'll go do
another one
uh if it took a long time I don't just
stop I go back and I do the audio edit
for it which is basically cutting out
the ums and Oz and stuff like that which
I wish I could do with these podcasts
because I um a lot in the podcast but I
don't have the patience to do it here
um
and uh so going in and doing that audio
edit and that way
you know I can then get a shower go to
bed you know relax for a bit and then
come back in the morning and I'm not
starting from scratch I'm already
halfway done of something and I do that
process I always try and leave it so
that something's unfinished which I can
imagine would drive a lot of people
crazy
um
have it you know going to bed with
something unfinished but for me it's not
going to bed with something unfinished
it's the kick in the ass I need the next
day the next morning to get started
because otherwise I might just end up
you know
being lethargic the next day and being
like oh well I'll get to it but because
it's it's literally hanging there on the
screen and I leave the screen on
um
on my editing computer I leave it on all
night so that when I leave the bedroom
Final Cut is staring at me and the the
video is staring at me and it's like I'm
unfinished
so it kind of gives me the kick in the
ass I need to get started on it right
away and then so I have that very strict
routine when I'm editing videos for
everything else I have like nothing
except I take vitamins when I as soon as
I wake up in the morning along with my
uh seizure and anxiety medication and
then I do that again at 9 30 at night
which if you've ever seen me stream the
streams are inevitably interrupted by my
phone telling me to take my pills
um
and uh yeah other than that I don't have
any
rituals or routines
but I should probably find something
like yoga or something to kind of
try to straighten out my mind
um next question is how do you stay
inspired and creative but without
burning out
um oddly I
I've been doing this
full time
you'd I've been doing YouTube full time
um since
May of 2021 so for about a year and a
half
and before that I was doing it full time
and working full-time
um so
which was exhausting
um doing YouTube full-time and
um working full-time for instance the
um if you remember back in I think
February of 2021
um
I did a big long charity stream
um for a trans youth charity
and we Nick and I played Ocarina of Time
and I think 100 did it
um
it was like a third it was a 36 hour
stream I wish it was still on YouTube
but anything over 10 hours YouTube
doesn't allow to be up and I can't even
they won't even let me download the file
to like upload in chunks so that sucks
but
um I did that
I we started that on a Friday evening
after I had worked all day
at my normal job for instance
um which was doing marketing for a
school
um
so I
I really love doing this I love coming
up with the ideas for videos I love
shooting the videos editing the videos
releasing the videos like
all of it I just I love all of it even
the really hard ones like the gay Panic
video and the get Holocaust video and
stuff like that the ones that are really
hard to do and sometimes like I had to
do for the gay Panic video that took a
year between me finishing the script and
actually shooting it and then the gay
Holocaust video I took three weeks off
after releasing part one it was
originally released as two parts
I released part one and then I took
three weeks off before I even started
editing part two because it was already
dark and part two was when we got to the
camps
so it was already
like hard to deal with
um
but I think that's probably like the
longest break
I took
um
I I didn't even take a break when my mom
died
because of scheduling the Banana Fish
video actually was published the night
my mom passed away
so technically I was
working
at my mom's bedside so that was
that that was interesting
um you know there were I wasn't working
there were comments coming in on the
video people were commenting on it but I
wasn't I wasn't reading them but you
know
that had been published at a I had
scheduled that to be published at an odd
time
um
but I I love doing this so much and
that's why
you know I'm so thankful for you guys
for letting me do this
because I can't think of other than like
making movies I can't think of a job
that would be more fun than this
um that said I don't do most of the
writing
I do on any given video
on average I would say I do about 30 of
the writing some videos like Monsters
out of the closet I did all the writing
for the queers folk video a couple of
other ones recently the gay Panic video
the gay Holocaust video I did all the
writing on those
um
the earlier videos
um but
Nick does get burnt out
um
because
doing the writing and they're the
researching and everything is exhausting
and a lot of times before
um we got so many patrons we were
entirely reliant on YouTube
ad Revenue
and so if we put out a video and it
might be like an hour-long video that
we've just spent a month working on
and we put it out and the views aren't
there
it's like okay we need a new video out
next week
and then
that fell on us to get out in the next
week which
basically meant so so that we could pay
rent that month
and that basically meant
Nick had to write between five and ten
thousand words in two days
so that we would have two days to shoot
it and then I would have two days to
edit it
um
and then hope to God that YouTube didn't
demonetize it or pull some copyright
Shenanigans and stuff like that so
um luckily that doesn't happen anymore
because you guys are amazing and have
made it so that we don't have to deal
with that anymore uh because even if a
video doesn't do great it's not the end
of the world we know where rent's gonna
be paid
um
so it's it is taken so much stress off
of us
to be able to do that uh and that's all
thanks to you guys and sorry for this
um kind of just complete non-sequitur
off into thank youville but thank you
um
um but yeah Nick is definitely more
prone to burnout because this isn't what
Nick
plans to be doing for the rest of their
life Nick wants to be a novelist Nick
has a novel that's been released uh
gentlemen's club
um and that's what Nick wants to do and
this is you know probably a much easier
and he's told me is a much easier job
than any other one that he's ever had
um but it's not you know his dream job
it's not my dream job either my dream
job is making movies
but I kind of look at these as little
movies and so it's it's much easier for
me to
um
just be excited about every new video
that's going out
um
but though Nick is more prone to burnout
that's never stopped Nick from
getting
the work done they are next an
incredible person who
really
pushes themselves so much harder
than
they really ought to and uh that's
another big thank you to you guys is
that you make it so that I can make sure
that he's paid properly because he
deserves to be paid properly
um
all right now that I'm done just saying
thank you for 10 minutes uh three more
questions the next one is why do you
wear so many mock turtlenecks is this a
Canadian thing or a turtlenecks just
your favorite will Nick appear in a
future video what do you like to eat for
breakfast
um this is several questions uh no it's
not a Canadian thing I am overweight
and mo an odd amount of fat is held in
my neck
um I have you know a decent amount of
belly fat that's why you'd never see it
on camera
the you know the bottom of the frame is
always like at my chest but you know
it's manageable
um if I wear the right clothes I don't
look horrible
um but my neck
is so
I think my neck looks incredibly fat
and so I wear turtlenecks to hide that
that's it
um
if I actually managed to lose the weight
I want to lose I'm probably going to
stop wearing turtlenecks in every video
um because I'm not going to be so
self-conscious about my jiggly
double chin
so that's why I wear turtlenecks
um
I actually have
double-sided fabric tape it's meant for
strapless dresses but I use it for one
turtleneck that I have in particular
that's a very light fabric that I used
to have to wear all the time
because it was a light fabric so I could
wear it in the summer and not sweat to
death uh and so I would have to tape
that I would have to tape that to my
neck so that it wouldn't fall down
because it fell down I would see the fat
the double chin and just gets so
self-conscious
during editing and then I would have to
reshoot things so I would be using
double-sided tape to do that
um as for Nick appearing in another
video Nick doesn't like being on camera
very much
um even when we do streams together and
it gets super self-conscious
um but he does want to do a video about
cyberpunk that he wants to do for the
channel and I don't know when that's
coming I don't know
really a whole lot about that we've
talked about the look of it and stuff
I'm excited because I'll get to be
behind the camera so I'm really excited
for that
um
but other than that Nick will rarely be
on camera I think
like he has
I am definitely not telling him not to
be on camera it's a it's a decision that
he's made
um and what do I like to eat for
breakfast breakfast is my favorite meal
because
you can get away with just having
protein for breakfast
and
you know no one gives you a weird look
because like if you're having dinner
it's like oh you're having steak or
chicken it's like well what's your side
and then it's like well maybe it's rice
or potatoes or vegetables and it's like
carbs carbs carbs carbs
um but for breakfast you can have bacon
and eggs and sausages and there you go
and I can actually have toast because I
found this bread called carbonate that
only has two grams of carbs
per slice because it has so much fiber
um
which has been a godsend because I love
sandwiches and it has allowed me to
continue to eat sandwiches
um so yeah
next question I mean if we're getting
personal what's your favorite brand of
toilet paper
cashmere
um
in all seriousness what's your favorite
news from the last New York City
Comic-Con and werewolf By Night how much
did you love or hate it on thoughts on
why the straight boy reviewers all seem
to be shipping Ted man thing and Jack
the titular werewolf I actually haven't
gotten to watch it yet
um I want to watch it around Halloween
so that it's more of a
seasonal treat kind of thing because I
watched Hocus Pocus as soon as it came
out so there went my Halloween movie for
the year so uh yeah werewolf by night I
want to watch for Halloween but I'm
excited that the straights are shipping
man thing and uh Jack that's that's that
makes me excited to watch it after the
the uh
completely meta fourth wall breaking
finale of She-Hulk I'm excited to see
what Marvel does with when they become
playful
um
okay the last question is actually two
questions
uh first what are some non-english queer
stories in media that you would
recommend bonus points for non-anime or
Korean manwa because I've read and
watched a lot of those second have you
read my brother's husband and if so what
do you think of it
um I've not read my brother's husband
but it's in my to be read list
um
as for what are some non-english queer
stories uh that you would recommend
um I mentioned this one in my best gay
movies list which is mandrakora which is
a movie out of the Czech Republic
um I don't think it is the Czech
Republic anymore is it maybe it is um
but it's from what is or was the Czech
Republic
um
and uh it's a very dark movie
um like tonally but a incredible
incredible movie
um another one
uh let me find the title here
um
oh I can't
remember the name of the movie
let's see here
now okay I know where it would be
pretty sure
I only have two examples because I don't
watch a whole lot of uh foreign films
and it's not even because I'm like
don't like foreign films it's because I
have a hard time with subtitles
um I believe
I have
it listed here
da
okay I think it would be at the very end
sorry for the random speaking I'm trying
to scrub through a vimeo video
uh
oh
yes uh before the fall which is I
believe a German movie
um
yeah it's uh German movie it came out in
2004 and
it is about two gay
teenagers young adults
um
and uh
kind of how they are
drastically affected in a very sad way
by
being in and around the Hitler Youth
and it's a very sad movie but it's a
very good movie
um I used a lot of footage of it in
um pink triangles because I was like oh
cute German twinks this will help me get
through the horrible other stuff
um
but yeah those would be my only two
examples
um at least off the top of my head I'm
sure if I like went through
my brain I would be able to think of
other ones
um
and of course neither of them are happy
I I'm sorry about that
um but yeah so those are the questions
you guys asked I hope my answers were
mostly satisfactory
um
so yeah I will be back on Tuesday with
another podcast I have no idea what's
going to be so wish me luck uh and then
after that I believe Nick will be uh
coming to visit
from his mom's place which is like four
hours away
and we'll be recording a bunch of
podcasts for you guys
um until then again thank you guys all
so much for being patrons
I love you all and I hope you have a
fantastic weekend